README.md, before:

## About
![Sample Image](https://github.com/KeithLerner/ObsidianMDsQdthOne/blob/main/GarbledGif.gif)
sQdthOne is a Obsidian MD theme with light and dark modes that enhance note taking experiences. 

This project is something I use on a daily basis and will be continuously updated as new obsidian features get added. 

## Plugin Support
- compatible with:
  - [Style Settings](https://github.com/mgmeyers/obsidian-style-settings)
  - [Calendar](https://github.com/liamcain/obsidian-calendar-plugin)

## Support Me
[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/B0B4U35FR)

Visit [KeithLerner.net](https://www.KeithLerner.net/) to learn more about me. This site is possible thanks to the [Obsidian webpage export](https://github.com/KosmosisDire/obsidian-webpage-export) plugin. Some of the content is enabled through other plugins, all compatable with this theme. Reach out if you're interested in this process.

## Bugs and Suggestions
Please report bugs or make suggestions [here on Github](https://github.com/KeithLerner/ObsidianMDsQdthOne/issues)

## Version History
Version history starts with 1.8.0.
### 1.8.1
#### Changes
- Updated colors for solar theme variant to be more inline with standard solarized themes in other IDEs
#### Bug Fixes
- Bug fixes for highlighting and selecting
  - Applies to search results
- Bug fixes for solar theme specific problem classes
### 1.8.0
#### Changes
- Changed all colors to HSL format and modified saturation do be easier on eyes during longer use sessions
- Introduced special checklist icons
#### Bug Fixes
- Bug fixes for links not using theme colors

## Resources
Large thank you to the obsidian community for creating resources that inspired and helped me put this together
- https://publish.obsidian.md/hub/04+-+Guides%2C+Workflows%2C+%26+Courses/for+Theme+Designers
- https://github.com/obsidian-community/obsidian-theme-template
- https://github.com/hungsu/vileplume-obsidian
- https://github.com/catppuccin/obsidian

Commit message:

Solar style fixes for my friend
#### Changes
- Modified calendar plugin behavior for week numbers on hover
#### Bug Fixes
- Bug fixes for solar theme variant
  - Menu, status bar, and notices are now all using the correct background
  - Additional items using the wrong reference have been color corrected

README.md, after:

## About
![Sample Image](https://github.com/KeithLerner/ObsidianMDsQdthOne/blob/main/GarbledGif.gif)
sQdthOne is a Obsidian MD theme with light and dark modes that enhance note taking experiences. 

This project is something I use on a daily basis and will be continuously updated as new obsidian features get added. 

## Plugin Support
- compatible with:
  - [Style Settings](https://github.com/mgmeyers/obsidian-style-settings)
  - [Calendar](https://github.com/liamcain/obsidian-calendar-plugin)

## Support Me
[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/B0B4U35FR)

Visit [KeithLerner.net](https://www.KeithLerner.net/) to learn more about me. This site is possible thanks to the [Obsidian webpage export](https://github.com/KosmosisDire/obsidian-webpage-export) plugin. Some of the content is enabled through other plugins, all compatable with this theme. Reach out if you're interested in this process.

## Bugs and Suggestions
Please report bugs or make suggestions [here on Github](https://github.com/KeithLerner/ObsidianMDsQdthOne/issues)

## Version History
Version history starts with 1.8.0.
### 1.8.2
#### Changes
- Modified calendar plugin behavior for week numbers on hover
#### Bug Fixes
- Bug fixes for solar theme variant
  - Menu, status bar, and notices are now all using the correct background
  - Additional items using the wrong reference have been color corrected
### 1.8.1
#### Changes
- Updated colors for solar theme variant to be more inline with standard solarized themes in other IDEs
#### Bug Fixes
- Bug fixes for highlighting and selecting
  - Applies to search results
- Bug fixes for solar theme specific problem classes
### 1.8.0
#### Changes
- Changed all colors to HSL format and modified saturation do be easier on eyes during longer use sessions
- Introduced special checklist icons
#### Bug Fixes
- Bug fixes for links not using theme colors

## Resources
Large thank you to the obsidian community for creating resources that inspired and helped me put this together
- https://publish.obsidian.md/hub/04+-+Guides%2C+Workflows%2C+%26+Courses/for+Theme+Designers
- https://github.com/obsidian-community/obsidian-theme-template
- https://github.com/hungsu/vileplume-obsidian
- https://github.com/catppuccin/obsidian
